Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
DriverPass project is a project made by DriverPass wanting to increase the amount of people passing their driver's test. The system they wanted desgined was a system to communicate with the DMV and admins to give to the user and a trainer/teacher, giving appointments for the user and teacher so the user is able to train for the driver's test.
What did you do particularly well?
I felt I personally did well in explaining the systems that'd need to be created for the DriverPass project. Looking back, the systems looked great and I feel i included the necessary parts of the assignment that I was scheduled to do.
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
When looking at what to revise, I would choose the sequence UML diagram to revise. I would improve this by looking up more information for what's needed and which parts are separate or together. I feel I botched this part of the assignment up and if I was given more examples related to the project, I would be able to have a solid sequence UML made.
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
I interpreted the user's needs as availability. I implemented this by having a set part in the system made for the user to schedule. In addition, if the teacher is not unavailable suddenly, the user will have a prompt to reschedule either soon, or later. This allows the user to check and see if they can do it as soon as possible, or want to reschedule for a later date due to their life's circumstances. It's important to consider the user's needs when designing as if the system is not user friendly, it'll be less likely to grow in popularity, and the whole system would be rendered pointless due to the amount of money spent and the amount of money being returned.
How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
When approaching software, I first go for the necessities first: What's absolutely needed for the software. After this, I go through the requirements given to me for the project (ex. login button). After this, I work my way through and see what can be improved and what can be made into user-friendly material for the user on the other end. In te future, I'd prefer to use this strategy when working on designing software.
